Night Alarm is a 1934 American drama film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Bruce Cabot as a down-on-his-luck reporter, Hal Ashby, who tries to make a name for himself by investigating a series of bizarre arson attacks. The film, which was a hit in movie theatres at the time, is now widely available in the public domain. A reporter eager to move on from the dull gardening beat gets the opportunity to investigate a string of arson fires troubling the city. He believes the fires are tied into a web of political corruption involving a wealthy businessman, the mayor and the police chief. Complications ensue when the girl assigned to help him turns out to be the businessman's daughter. This article about a 1930s romantic drama film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Der Abendhimmel ("The evening sky"), WAB 56, is a song composed by Anton Bruckner in 1866. It is the second setting of the work. In 1862, Bruckner had already composed a first setting of the song for men's voice quartet. Bruckner composed this second setting "evening song" Der Abendhimmel  on 6 December 1866. He used again the text of Joseph Christian von Zedlitz, which he had already used for the first setting in 1862. Bruckner dedicated the song to Niederösterreichischer Sängerbund (singers association of Lower Austria). The piece was performed first by the Wiener Männergesang-Verein (men's singer society of Vienna) on 17 December 1898. The original manuscript is stored in the archive of Österreichische Nationalbibliothek. It was first issued as Zwei Männerchöre by Doblinger, Vienna in 1902 together with the Vaterlandslied, WAB 92 "O könnt' ich dich beglücken". The work is issued in Band XXIII/2, No. 19 of the Gesamtausgabe. The 38-bar long work in F major is scored for TTBB choir a cappella. This second setting of Der Abendhimmel exhibits several modulations and rests, which are characteristic of Bruckner's later melodies. A selection among the few recordings of Der Abendhimmel, WAB 56:
Ferzat Jaban (died November 19 or 20, 2011) was the first Syrian journalist reported to be killed while covering the Syrian civil war, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. Jarban was a Syrian freelance cameraman who was found dead one day after being arrested for reporting on an anti-government protest and the clashes between protesters and security forces in Al-Qusayr, Homs Governorate, Syria. His videos have appeared on several Arab satellite news outlets. Ferzat Jarban, a Syrian, was arrested on Saturday, 19 November 2011, while videotaping protests against the President Bashar al-Assad's government in Al-Qusayr, according to eyewitnesses. Jarban's body was found the next morning on the street side and his corpse was "extremely mutilated," which included his eyes being gouged out, and with two bullet wounds. According to reports at least four more people were killed by security forces in al-Qasir on Sunday November 20, 2011. Just a day after Jarban was arrested and the same day he was found killed. The arrests and disappearance of other journalists in Syria over the past months is being tracked by the CPJ and other press freedom organizations. It is unknown whether Jarban was the first journalist killed in Syria because others are missing. At the time Jarban was killed, the protests against the ruling government in Syria were in their eight-month and were becoming increasingly violent as the army is backing President Bashir and human rights groups estimate that 3,500 have died so far. At the same time, international responses to Syria, such as those by the Arab League and Turkey, have also escalated. Jarban's murder occurred the day after the Assad government dismissed a monitoring mission demanded by the Arab League by calling for changes in the plan, and Syrian forces had killed 17 people on Saturday. Mohamed Abdel Dayem, the CPJ program coordinator for Middle East and North Africa, said, "The brutal murder of Ferzat Jarban illustrates the lengths to which the Syrian government will go in its efforts to suppress independent reporting. We demand the release of all journalists who remain in custody and hold the government accountable for their well-being." Irina Bokova, director-general of UNESCO, said: "This ruthless attack must not go unpunished. It is a violation of the basic human right of freedom of expression and of journalists’ inalienable right and duty to carry out their work in safety and without hindrance. I call on the government of Syria to stop all forms of violence against journalists immediately. I also appeal to the authorities to put an end to flagrant repression against those who report on current events in the country."
Florida (Spanish pronunciation: [floˈɾiða]) is a town and municipality of Puerto Rico located in the karst region north of Ciales, south of Barceloneta, east of Arecibo, and west of Manatí. Florida is not like other municipalities of Puerto Rico with multiple subdivisions called barrios. It has one barrio called Florida Adentro and two other subdivisions: Florida Zona Urbana and Pajonal comunidad. It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area. Florida was founded first as a barrio of Barceloneta in 1881 when a priest named Father Carrión, the mayor of Barceloneta, and other dignitaries visited a tract of land of almost 4 acres. They decided to establish a new barrio. The owner of the land, Don Manuel Cintrón, granted the land while he retained a piece of it. The barrio was first called Florida Adentro. During the 20th century, several efforts were made to declare Florida as a municipality. First, on April 14, 1949, House Representative Francisco Díaz Marchand presented a project to create a legislative commission that would study the economic and social conditions of the barrio, to determine the suitability of it as an independent municipality. The project was unsuccessful. In 1960, Manuel Frías Morales presented a law that would permit the study to establish the municipality but it was also unsuccessful. Finally, on June 14, 1971, the Senate of Puerto Rico and Governor Don Luis A. Ferré approved the law that officially created the municipality of Florida. It is thus the youngest municipality established in the island. On September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria struck Puerto Rico. In Florida, 1400 homes were a total loss and 2,295 homes were partially damaged. Florida is the second smallest municipality of Puerto Rico, with an area of 10 square miles. As the only municipality in Puerto Rico that has its urban area within the northern karst region (sometimes referred as the Northern Karst Hills), it is surrounded by low elevation, red clay and limestone haystack hills known in Caribbean Spanish as mogotes. The southern border of the municipality with Ciales remains one of the least developed areas on the island, due to the ruggedness of the karst. The Río Encantado, a subterranean river, drains this area. Several caves are found in the town, including Román Cave, Miró Cave, and Juana Gómez Cave. Balcon Cave (Cueva Balcón) is located in Florida. As with all municipalities of Puerto Rico, Florida is subdivided into administrative units called barrios (which means barrios or boroughs or neighborhoods in English). A newer municipality of Puerto Rico, Florida has one barrio called Florida Adentro and two sub-barrios: Florida Zona Urbana and Pajonal. It does not have a "barrio-pueblo" like most of the other municipalities of Puerto Rico. Barrios (which are, in contemporary times, roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) are further subdivided into smaller areas called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others. Comunidades Especiales de Puerto Rico (Special Communities of Puerto Rico) are marginalized communities whose citizens are experiencing a certain amount of social exclusion. A map shows these communities occur in nearly every municipality of the commonwealth. Of the 742 places that were on the list in 2014, the following barrios, communities, sectors, or neighborhoods were in Florida: Sector El Hoyo in Comunidad San Agustín, Comunidad Arroyo, Sector Polvorín in Comunidad La Ceiba, Comunidad La Fuente, Estancias de Arroyo in La Joya, Sector El Cerro in Pajonal, and Sectors La Charca and Los Quemaos (both) in Parcelas Selgas. To stimulate local tourism, the Puerto Rico Tourism Company launched the Voy Turistiendo ("I'm Touring") campaign, with a passport book and website. The Florida page lists Parque Ecológico Janet González, Río Encantado, and Bandera de Puerto Rico of the project Una Bandera, 78 Pueblos (One Flag, 78 Pueblos), as places of interest. Florida celebrates its patron saint festival in September. The Fiestas Patronales de Nuestra Señora de las Mercedes is a religious and cultural celebration that generally features parades, games, artisans, amusement rides, regional food, and live entertainment. Other festivals and events celebrated in Florida include: Historically, Florida's economy relied heavily on agriculture, specifically pineapple crops and other fruit-related products. In recent decades, along with the rest of the Island, rapid urbanization and industrialization, along with economic challenges, have forced Florida's fruit industry to near extinction. Pharmaceutical manufacturing plants have been established in Florida. Florida is one of the least populated municipalities of Puerto Rico, perhaps due to its small size. The population, according to the 2000 census, was 12,237 with a population density of 1,236.7 people per square mile (475.6/km2). After its establishment in 1974, the population has steadily increased over the years, with 7,232 people in the 1980 census. Statistics taken from the 2000 census shows that 86.0% of Florideños are of White origin, 4.9% are black, 0.2% are Amerindian etc. After its initial establishment, Florida belonged to the Barceloneta region. In 1949 and 1960 there were some attempts to separate the barrio from Barceloneta, but these were unsuccessful. However, in 1974, Governor Luis A. Ferré and the Puerto Rican Senate officially declared Florida an independent municipality. Its first mayor was Jorge L. Pérez Piñeiro. The current mayor is José Gerena Polanco, of the New Progressive Party (PNP). He was elected in the 2012 general elections. The city belongs to the Puerto Rico Senatorial district III, which is represented by two senators. In 2024, Brenda Pérez Soto and Gabriel González were elected as District Senators. The municipio has an official flag and coat of arms. It consists of three horizontal stripes, with the following colors and widths: green the superior and white the inferior, with five modules of width each one, the center one red, with a width of one module. Field of silver, in an abyss, a gules (red) anchored cross, like the one in the Asturian district of Llanes. The cross is anchored between two branches of bloomed poinsettias (Poinsettia pulcherrima). A green terrace represents the hilly terrain of the town, with a stripe forming waves outlined in silver which represents the underground river of Encantado. At the top, a three tower gold crown distinct in municipalities coat of arms. The shield can be surrounded, to its flanks and bottom by two crossed coffee tree branches with fruits. Florida derives its name from the abundant flowers and natural resources on its land. It is also known as La Tierra del Río Encantado due to an underground river called Encantado. Another nickname is the Pueblo de la Piña Cayenalisa due to its pineapple crops. There are several public and private schools, serving students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade, distributed throughout the municipality of Florida. Public education is handled by the Puerto Rico Department of Education. 
These are some of the schools in Florida, as of 2020: Puerto Rico Highway 22 provides access to PR-140, which leads to Florida from the cities of Mayagüez in the west, or San Juan in the north. Like most other towns on the Island, it has a public transportation system consisting of small, subsidized private buses and vans called públicos.
James Chan Leong (November 27, 1929 – April 15, 2011) was an influential Chinese American artist from San Francisco, California who used his paintings to convey his struggles and revelations with racial identity. Leong was born on November 27, 1929, in San Francisco's Chinatown, an ethnic enclave of recent Chinese immigrants to the United States. Leong grew up in this area during pre- and post-World War II, where he battled constant prejudice as an Asian American. Leong suffered from a discriminatory attack as a child that left him partially blind in one eye. Asian Americans who were not Japanese during World War II wore special badges to indicate and identify their ethnicity, because they did not want to be mistaken for being an enemy during a time when the United States was at war with Japan. Because of this, Leong wore a button that indicated his Chinese descent. Each badge cost $5 and Leong would often lose them. He stated, "I really felt there was a lot of misunderstanding on the part of the whites in San Francisco as to what being Chinese meant." Leong's first encounter with art was when he was introduced by his father to a co-worker named Alan Cole. Cole was a painter and photographer of the 1939 World's Fair. Leong studied oil painting under Cole for six years. Growing up, Leong and his family had differing opinions on his future career, as Leong desired to become an artist while his family preferred he begin a career in medicine. At age 23, Leong worked for the Chinese press. Business leaders from Chinatown commissioned Leong to create a mural of Chinese American history. This painting was named One Hundred Years: History of the Chinese in America and was commissioned to be placed in Ping Yuen, the first federally funded public housing in Chinatown. Leong was awarded a scholarship and received a master's degree in Fine Arts at California College of Arts and Crafts in 1952. He also went on to receive his Master of Arts in Arts Education at San Francisco State University in 1955. He was inspired by the work of artists like Walt Kuhn, Yasuo Kuniyoshi and Dong Kingman. During this time, Leong grew strong friendships with fellow artists like Nathan Oliveira and Clayton Pinkerton. He and other artists would spend their time in the famous bohemian hot spots of San Francisco, such as the Iron Pot Restaurant, Vesuvios Bar and City Lights Bookstore. In 1956, when Leong was 27, he traveled to Norway with his then wife Karen and son Kim for two years on a Fulbright Scholarship. After this, he also received a Guggenheim Fellowship that took Leong and his then family to Rome where he painted and focused on abstract art at the American Academy. There, he converted the fifteenth-century Palazzo Pio into a haven for artists. Here, Leong would sublet spaces to other artists including Cy Twombly and Warrington Colescott. Through his experience of 31 years in Rome, Leong found that the Italian people were far more accepting of his Chinese American identity than that of those in his home country. I think more than anything else, it gave me a sense of self and assurance that you don't have here. [...] People in America are constantly questioning who you are, what you are. There's always a stratum here that you have to belong to. This acceptance sparked Leong's own exploration of his Chinese American roots in his artwork. Along with a trip to China with his wife and son, Leong was soon expressing this new rediscovery of identity in his paintings. That opened up all kinds of things. [...] I realized I was always Chinese, but there's the duality of taking the next step. As an American, you can never really be Chinese, even if you speak it and know the culture. There's a part of you that's American that's so different. And those are the things that came out of my paintings. Leong's art is best characterized as abstract expressionism, with the subjects and interests of his paintings constantly changing over time. He shifted from painting the relationships of nature and humans to painting the historic relationships of East and West. After living for three decades in Italy, Leong settled in Pioneer Square in Seattle in 1994, finding the town to be the perfect blend of San Francisco and Europe. There, he served as arts commissioner and on advisory boards for several museums. In 1997, Leong was nominated for a National Medal for the Arts from the National Endowment of the Arts. Leong died from congestive heart failure on April 15, 2011, at the Swedish Medical Center. He was constantly creating and influencing art until his death.
The Lutheran Council of Great Britain is a Lutheran organization in Great Britain. It is a member of the Lutheran World Federation, by which it was recognized in 1989. It is affiliated with the Churches Together in Britain and Ireland and Churches Together in England. Member churches include the Nordic churches in London, Synod of German-Speaking Lutheran, Reformed and United Congregations in Great Britain, Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church, Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church in Great Britain, as well as the Lutheran Church in Great Britain. This article relating to Lutheranism is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Raise the Roof is a one-movement concerto for timpani and orchestra by the American composer Michael Daugherty.  The work was commissioned by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra for the opening of the Max M. Fisher Music Center.  It was premiered in Detroit, October 16, 2003, with conductor Neeme Järvi leading the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and timpanist Brian Jones.  Daugherty later arranged the piece for concert band in 2007; this arrangement was commissioned by the University of Michigan Symphony Band and was premiered under conductor Michael Haithcock at the National Conference of the College Band Directors National Association on March 30, 2007. Raise the Roof is one of Daugherty's most-programmed pieces and has been frequently performed as a concert opener since its publication. Raise the Roof has a duration of approximately twelve minutes and is composed in a single movement.  The piece has influences of rock and roll and latin rhythms, and utilizes significant portions of extended technique in the solo part, including the use of foot pedals for melodic tuning, playing with an upside-down cymbal on the drumhead, and striking the drums with maraca sticks, wire brushes, and even the player's bare hands.  It also employs the use of a medieval plainsong, which is repeated and developed throughout the work.  Daugherty has cited architectural marvels as an inspiration for the composition, including the Notre-Dame Cathedral and the Empire State Building. The original orchestral arrangement of the piece is scored for two flutes, piccolo, two oboes, English horn, two clarinets, bass clarinet, two bassoons, contrabassoon, four French horns, three trumpets, two trombones, bass trombone, tuba, timpani, three percussionists, piano, and strings. The subsequent arrangement for concert band is scored for solo timpani, five flutes (V doubling on piccolo), two oboes, English horn, four clarinets, E-flat clarinet, bass clarinet, two bassoons, contrabassoon, two alto saxophones, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone, four French horns, three trumpets, three trombones, two euphoniums, two tubas, six percussionists, piano, and two double basses. Reviewing the concert band arrangement of the piece, Lawrence Budmen of the South Florida Classical Review praised Raise the Roof, calling it "a joyous romp that adds rock and big band sounds to the classical mix with lovable irreverence." The concert band version was awarded the American Bandmasters Association's Ostwald Award in 2007. Raise the Roof was released on disc through Naxos Records in August 2009, along with Daugherty's other works the MotorCity Triptych and the violin concerto Fire and Blood.
USS LST-447 was a United States Navy LST-1-class tank landing ship used in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater during World War II. LST-447 was laid down on 10 July 1942, under Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 967, by  Kaiser Shipyards, Vancouver, Washington; launched on 22 September 1942;  and commissioned on 13 December 1942. During the war, LST-447 was assigned to the Pacific Theater of Operations. She took part in the consolidation of the southern Solomons in June 1943; the occupation and defense of Cape Torokina November and December 1943; the Green Islands landing February 1944; the Hollandia operation in April 1944; the assault and occupation of Guam July and August 1944; and the assault and occupation of Okinawa Gunto April 1945. The tank landing ship was sunk off Okinawa on 7 April 1945, following a kamikaze attack. She was struck from the Navy list on 2 June 1945. LST-447 earned five battle stars for her World War II service.
Kate Fitzharris (born 1974) is a New Zealand ceramicist. She is mostly known for her doll-like figures, and although working primarily in ceramics, also incorporates found materials. She has won three Portage Ceramic Merit Awards, and has held the Doris Lusk Residency, the Tylee Cottage Residency and a residency at Shigaraki Ceramic Cultural Park in Japan. Fitzharris was born in Wellington in 1974 and is based in Waitati, outside Dunedin in the South Island of New Zealand. She works part-time as a librarian. Fitzharris graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts with a major in ceramics from the Otago Polytechnic School of Art. Fitzharris is mostly known for her handbuilt doll-like figures, and although working primarily in ceramics also incorporates found materials. Fitzharris won Merit Awards at the Portage Ceramic Awards in 2002, 2010 and 2014. She also won the People's Choice Award at the New Zealand Potters exhibition in 2010. In 2011, Fitzharris had an exhibition called "Walk" at the Blue Oyster Art Project Space in Dunedin. Fitzharris mostly works in ceramics, but for Walk she travelled by foot from her home in Waitati to the gallery in central Dunedin, using beeswax to make small beads as she went, and incorporating found materials. In 2017, Fitzharris won the Doris Lusk Ceramics Residency. Fitzharris won a Tylee Cottage Residency in 2018, during which she invited local residents to share significant ceramic pieces with her, to create a "library of things" for her to respond to with her own work. The resulting exhibition "things don't end at their edges" was shown at the Serjeant Gallery from March to June 2019. Fitzharris spent much of 2019 as artist in residence at Shigaraki Ceramic Cultural Park in Japan, exploring traditional Japanese ceramic techniques and finishes. She was also a finalist for the Wallace Arts Trust Awards in 2019. Her work is held in the collections of the Shigaraki Ceramic Cultural Park Foundation, the Dowse Art Museum, the James Wallace Arts Trust, and the Waikato Museum.
Tatsuji Nishimura (西村 龍次, Nishimura Tatsuji; born July 18, 1968, in Kure, Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher. This biographical article relating to a Japanese baseball pitcher born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Susannah Sheldon (born circa 1674) was one of the core accusers during the Salem Witch Trials.  She was eighteen years of age during the time of Salem witch trials. As one of the core group of allegedly afflicted girls, Sheldon made claims of afflictions for the first time during the last week of April 1692. Sheldon was the daughter of Rebecca Scadlock and William Sheldon. When Sheldon was a baby, her family was driven out of their home in Saco, Maine by Native Americans during King Philip's War in 1676. The family lived in Salem, Massachusetts during King Philip's War but returned to Saco when peace was established. The family fled Saco once again during King William's War and returned to Salem. Sheldon's elder brother Godfrey died in Maine in July 1690 and her father William died in Salem in December 1691. Having lost their Maine farm, the Sheldon family lived in poverty in Salem after 1691. In April 1692, Sheldon was eighteen years old when she became one of the main accusers in the Salem Witch Trials. Records show that Sheldon testified against eleven witches and filed at least 24 depositions. Sheldon was personally responsible for bringing witchcraft accusations against Salem's wealthiest and most prominent couples, Mary and Philip English. This was Sheldon's first accusation. According to historian Mary Beth Norton, Sheldon likely died unmarried and childless.
The term military medicine has a number of potential connotations. It may mean: Military medical personnel engage in humanitarian work and are "protected persons" under international humanitarian law in accordance with the First and Second Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols, which established legally binding rules guaranteeing neutrality and protection for wounded soldiers, field or ship's medical personnel, and specific humanitarian institutions in an armed conflict. International humanitarian law makes no distinction between medical personnel who are members of the armed forces (and who hold military ranks) and those who are civilian volunteers. All medical personnel are considered non-combatants under international humanitarian law because of their humanitarian duties, and they may not be attacked and not be taken as prisoners of war; hospitals and other medical facilities and transports identified as such, whether they are military or civilian, may not be attacked either. The red cross, the red crescent and the red crystal are the protective signs recognised under international humanitarian law, and are used by military medical personnel and facilities for this purpose. Attacking military medical personnel, patients in their care, or medical facilities or transports legitimately marked as such is a war crime. Likewise, misusing these protective signs to mask military operations is the war crime of perfidy. Military medical personnel may be armed, usually with service pistols, for the purpose of self defense or the defense of patients. The significance of military medicine for combat strength goes far beyond treatment of battlefield injuries; in every major war fought until the late 19th century disease claimed more soldier casualties than did enemy action. During the American Civil War (1860–65), for example, about twice as many soldiers died of disease as were killed or mortally wounded in combat. The Franco-Prussian War (1870–71) is considered to have been the first conflict in which combat injury exceeded disease, at least in the German coalition army which lost 3.47% of its average headcount to combat and only 1.82% to disease. In new world countries, such as Australia, New Zealand, the United States and Canada, military physicians and surgeons contributed significantly to the development of civilian health care. Improvements in military medicine have increased the survival rates in successive wars, due to improvements in medical evacuation, battlefield medicine and trauma care. Similar improvements have been seen in trauma practices during the Iraq war. Some military trauma care practices are disseminated by citizen soldiers who return to civilian practice. One such practice is where major trauma patients are transferred to an operating theater as soon as possible, to stop internal bleeding, increasing the survival rate. Within the United States, the survival rate for gunshot wounds has increased, leading to apparent declines in the gun death rate in states that have stable rates of gunshot hospitalizations. In many English-speaking countries the military title of surgeon is applied to any medical practitioner, due to the historical evolution of the term. The US Army Medical Corps retains various surgeon United States military occupation codes in the ranks of officer pay grades, for military personnel dedicated to performing surgery on wounded soldiers. According to a 2025 study, which examined inter-state wars from 1900 onwards, found that militaries that have better military medicine have improved military effectiveness.
Alexander Anatolyevich Kovchan (Ukrainian: Олександр Анатолійович Ковчан, Oleksandr Anatoliyovych Kovchan; born 21 October 1983) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster (2002). Kovchan played for Ukraine in the 1995 Children's Chess Olympiad. In 2011, he tied for 2nd–5th with Tigran Gharamian, Boris Grachev and Ante Brkić in the Open Master Tournament in Biel. In December 2011, he tied for 1st–2nd with Robert Hess in the Groningen Chess Festival and in the same tournament of the following year, he tied for 1st–3rd with Zaven Andriasian and Sipke Ernst, earning him an invitation to the 75th Tata Steel Chess Tournament in January 2013. Kovchan competed in Grandmaster Group C of the 75th Tata Steel Chess Tournament from 11 to 27 January 2013 in Wijk aan Zee, where he finished 5th place by scoring 7½/13 (+3 =9 -1). This biographical article relating to a Ukrainian chess figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Roland Mertelsmann is a hematologist, oncologist and professor emeritus at the University Medical Center Freiburg, Department of Oncology, Hematology and Stem Cell Transplantation in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany. Mertelsmann is known for his scientific works in the fields of hematology, oncology, gene therapy and stem cell transplantation. Mertelsmann studied medicine at the University of Göttingen 1966–68. He was a doctoral candidate at the Max Planck Institute for Experimental Medicine at Heinrich Matthaei in Göttingen 1966–68. He continued his medical education at the School of Medicine King's College London and at the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, New York 1968–78.[citation needed] After graduating from Hamburg University Medical School and receiving his MD degree, he became Research Fellow at the Department of Developmental Hematopoiesis and received a special fellowship in Hematology and Clinical Oncology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC) from 1976 to 78. From 1978 to 86 he was clinical assistant physician at MSKCC, then assistant attending physician and associate attending physician at the Memorial Hospital of Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He was promoted from assistant professor of medicine to associate professor of medicine at Cornell University, New York. In 1985, he returned to Germany and was appointed professor and head of the 3rd Medical Clinic Hematology and Oncology at the University of Mainz, Germany, University Medical Center. 1989 he accepted a professorship at the University of Freiburg. At Freiburg University Medical Center he became the director of the Department for Medicine I, Oncology, Hematology and Stem Cell Transplantation. Mertelsmann was involved in a scientific misconduct affair in 1997. The complaint focussed on the falsification of laboratory data. An investigation commission did not prove the active participation of Mertelsmann. In 2008 he founded the International Master/PhD Program in Biomedical Sciences (IMBS), a postgraduate initiative jointly run by the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina and the University of Freiburg in Germany. In 2014 he initiated the foundation of the Journal of Science, Humanities and Arts (JOSHA), a diamond open access interdisciplinary journal. Mertelsmann published more than 400 articles in medical journals. After discovery of the genetic code by Heinrich Matthaei and Marshall Nirenberg (1962), Mertelsmann began his research for his medical doctorate as a medical student in Heinrich Matthaei's Laboratory at the Max-Planck-Institute for experimental Medicine in Göttingen, Germany, demonstrating and characterizing for the first time a human RNA-Polymerase. The "Plasticity" of hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) was studied with Alexandros Spyridonidis in patients after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. Molecular mechanisms of B-cell neoplasias were investigated together with Binder, Trepel and Dierks, the pathogenic significance of granulocytes in Graft-versus-host disease with Zeiser and his colleagues. Mertelsmann carried out an analysis of all patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) treated at MSKCC, defining the prognostic and predictive parameters of cell cytology, cell growth in vitro and enzymatic markers. By using all techniques available at the time for phenotypic characterization of leukemia cells, he was successful in discovering subentities of acute leukemias. In Cooperation with Karl Welte and his colleagues at MSKCC, the purification and molecular and biological characterization of cytokines were the focus of his work in the following years at MSKCC. Interleukin-2 as well as G-CSF were purified to homogeneity, First translational and clinical studies of cytokines followed. Since experiments in murine models demonstrated that local production by gene transduced cells produced a stronger and more specific immune response than a systemic application, e.g. of Interleukin-2, this strategy was also pursued by his group in Phase I clinical trials. In clinical trials for patients with leukemias and lymphomas at the MSKCC and in German and European clinical trial groups, new therapeutic concepts were studied including chemotherapies alongside new strategies. For some rare cancers, the use of rapidly recycling classic chemotherapy combinations followed by immediate High Dose Chemotherapy with HSC transplantation led to long term remission which had not been seen with other therapies. Mertelsmann is or was member of many international scientific organizations or journals, among them many years at the journals European Journal of Cancer and Annals of Hematology. He is a foundation member of the Comprehensive Cancer Center Freiburg (CCCF), Initiator and director of the International Biomedical Exchange Program (IMEP), and founder of the ARGER-Foundation.
"I Like It" is a R&B/soul song by American family band DeBarge. It was released in 1982 by  Motown Records as the second single from their second studio album, All This Love (1982). After releasing their poorly-received self-titled album, the group quickly returned to the studio to record their second album. Choosing to add younger brother James and shortening their name to simply DeBarge, the group returned to Motown's recording studios determined to produce a hit. The song was musically composed by El DeBarge, who also produced the track with Iris Gordy, with lyrics provided by Randy, El and sister Bunny, who composed the much-copied bridge. While being interviewed for the TV documentary, Unsung, in 2008, co-producer Iris Gordy told El to sing the final ad-libs "I like it, I like it", in a higher register. El responded by telling Iris that she was "trying to make [him] sound like [his brother] Bobby", to which Iris returned with, "you better thank your lucky stars if you sound even close to Bobby". According to Randy, who was also interviewed for the show, while he wrote lyrics to and sang lead on the song's verses, while Bunny wrote the bridge, which El sung, while Bunny said El "was the producer, he brought it all home". El composed the musical track. It also featured a sing-along type unified harmony which was arranged by El. "I Like It" was released in August 1982 and became the band's first huge hit, peaking at number two on the R&B singles chart while crossing over to the pop singles chart, where it peaked at number 31 helping to make their All This Love album go gold. It has remained a covered and sampled track in R&B and hip-hop music since its release with some of its lyrics and melodies interpolated or recalled in other songs. The El-sung bridge, "I like the way you comb your hair/and I like those stylish clothes you wear/it's just the little things you do/that shows how much you really care", has been often repeated. The original song is deemed a "Motown classic" by fans of the label's sound. R&B trio Jomanda covered it in 1993, while artists such as Nelly, LL Cool J, Beyoncé, Grand Puba, Wreckx-n-Effect, and Warren G have sampled the song. In July 1993, Jomanda's cover reached #83 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #69 on the Cash Box Top 100. Jesse Powell also covered the song in 2003 from his album, Jesse. In a tribute to Motown acts, Chico DeBarge performed the song at the Soul Train Music Awards in 2009 surprisingly hitting the high notes his brother El had hit in the original recording; Chico is known for singing predominantly in the tenor range. The song is sampled in Nelly's "My Place" and interpolated in “Ride Wit Me”.
Joseph Szabo (born 1944) is an American photographer whose work is about adolescence. Szabo was born in Toledo, Ohio. He studied photography at the Pratt Institute where he received his MFA. He taught photography at Malverne High School in Long Island, New York from 1972 to 1999 and he continues to teach at the International Centre of Photography (ICP). Szabo is the recipient of a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship and his work resides in the permanent collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Yale University, ICP and the Bibliothèque nationale in Paris.[citation needed] He is most notable for his photographs of American youth taken during the 1970s and collected in the books Almost Grown and Teenage. His photograph "Priscilla" was featured as the cover of alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr's 1991 album Green Mind. Szabo made a body of work on Rolling Stones fans photographed at a concert in Philadelphia in 1978. He currently lives in Amityville, New York with his wife Nancy.
"Mother Hitton's Littul Kittons" is a classic science fiction short story by American writer Cordwainer Smith, first published in Galaxy Magazine in 1961 and based partly on the folk tale Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. It was collected most recently in the book The Rediscovery of Man. The story details the methods by which the Norstrilians (or "Old North Australians") of Smith's fictional "Instrumentality of Mankind" universe maintain their monopoly on the valuable immortality drug stroon. The story details part of the background for the novel Norstrilia, which references the Kittons in its introduction as a method for certain death. The story was alluded to in Charles Stross's novel Glasshouse. Cordwainer Smith is a pseudonym of Paul Linebarger, the noted China expert, who wrote most of his published science-fiction stories within the setting of the Instrumentality of Mankind. For many millennia, the rather static structure of the Instrumentality of Mankind (on those planets which the Instrumentality directly administered) was of Lords of the Instrumentality ruling over humans (who were allowed a fixed 400-year lifespan) and a large number of exploited animal-derived "Underpeople" servants. The use of the immortality drug "stroon" from the world of Norstrilia was a vital tool in maintaining this order. The planet of Norstrilia, or in full the Commonwealth of Old North Australia, was settled by sheep farmers who ultimately hailed from a post-nuclear-war Australia through with many vicissitudes—such as a stay on the hell-world Paradise VII—before they found their current prosperity). The political system is based on a monarchy with "her absent majesty" the Queen as nominal head of state. However, the Queen has been lost for millennia ("But she might bloody well turn up one of these days."); a local deputy and Commonwealth Council until her nominal return. The municipal organization of the planet is based on ranches à la cattle stations, large farm allotments passed down through generations. The sheep that were brought to this planet by the Australian immigrants suffer a local infection that causes them to grow larger than houses; completely immobile, they require constant attention. The infection also generates stroon, also called the santaclara drug, which halts aging in humans. Stroon has made Norstrilia the richest planet in the entire Instrumentality, and its people are thus targets of kidnap and theft attempts. The citizens are highly trained in self-defense, but the planet strategically maintains "Mother Hitton's Littul Kittons" for its defense. Viola Siderea is a robber planet, once rich and civilized, but now reduced to a dog-eat-dog existence which has created a ruling class of highly sophisticated thieves. Benjacomin Bozart is a Warden of the Thieves' Guild, trained and prepared to raid Norstrilia for its stroon. Due to the impossibility of overpowering a Norstrilian adult, he ruthlessly drugs and kills a small Norstrilian boy on a vacation world to discover the exact nature of the planet's defenses, but the only information he gets is the name "Mother Hitton's Littul Kittons" scrawled in the sand on the beach. He consults the Guild's encyclopedia, which says that the phrase is an archaic term for the disease caused by the stroon virus –a fictitious entry planted by another Norstrilian agent long ago. Now confident of somehow obtaining stroon, Bozart pays out immense bribes using Viola Siderea's credit to illicitly charter ships, further unaware that he is paying other Norstrilian agents who have tracked him since he murdered the child. The last leg of the journey drops his space yacht into orbit around Norstrilia, where he meets a hideous fate. A 21-faceted moon and a network of relay stations orbit the planet. They are the armament of Mother Hitton, the "weapons mistress" in charge of the care and feeding of the "Littul Kittons", which are in fact mink which have been selectively bred for centuries for psychotic, self-destructive madness. Of necessity they spend almost the entirety of their lives under anaesthesia, and are only awakened to mate or when needed for defense. The brain patterns of these mad mink, when awakened into frenzy, are focused into an intense telepathic beam that can be directed at any incoming space ship from the relay station, driving all humans into immediate suicidal psychosis –as Bozart discovers first-hand, tearing out an eyeball in the process. The odd spelling of the "Littul Kittons" was intentional, as research into the term would act as a tripwire, alerting the Norstrilian defenses to potential hostile activity. After his death the extent of the Norstrilians' revenge is revealed: Bozart's bribes have incurred a debt of 400 million man-megayears for Viola Siderea.
Faking a Murderer is a Canadian mockumentary film, directed by Stuart Stone and released in 2020. An affectionate parody of the true crime genre, the film stars Stone and his filmmaking partner and brother-in-law Adam Rodness as themselves, trying to make a true crime documentary about their efforts to track down David Stoner, a man they have found seemingly confessing to murders in a series of bloody internet videos. At the outset of the project, Stone and Rodness made a number of short videos with actor Tony Nappo playing David Stoner in grisly, bloody scenarios that were deliberately ambiguous about whether they represented murders or not, and posted them to a private YouTube channel. From there, they proceeded to pitch the project as if the videos were real, in order to get genuine unscripted reactions out of their friends and family, the police, and executives for Breakthrough Entertainment and Hollywood Suite; only once they're out on Stoner's trail do fictionalized scenes, scripted and performed by actors, begin to enter the narrative. The film premiered on October 14, 2020, on Hollywood Suite, as part of the channel's Shocktober lineup of Hallowe'en horror programming. It screened at various international horror film festivals, and was released to international video on demand platforms, in 2021. Bobby LePire of Film Threat wrote that the film's mix of horror and comedy tones don't always mesh together neatly, but concluded that the film "ultimately proves worthy of a recommendation. Rodness and Stone are smart enough to understand that a story such as this can only have one inevitable conclusion. As a result, they don’t try to pull the rug out from under viewers, and the final few minutes generate what is probably the largest belly laugh of the entire production." The film's production and release earned Stone and Rodness a reputation as pranksters; in November 2021, when a truck containing approximately $250,000 worth of production equipment was stolen from the set of their 2022 narrative comedy film Vandits, they were widely believed at first to have staged a publicity stunt.
Hendrik W. van der Merwe (24 June 1929 – 5 March 2001) was a South African academic, a Quaker, and a pioneer of conflict resolution. He founded the Abe Bailey Institute for Inter-Racial Studies (now the Centre for Intergroup Studies) at the University of Cape Town in 1968. He was born on 24 June 1929 in rural South Africa, about 130 miles (210 km) east of Cape Town. Brought up a Calvinist, he later became a Quaker. He received his BA in 1956 and his MA in sociology in 1957, from Stellenbosch University. In 1963, he was awarded a PhD in sociology by the University of California, Los Angeles. He returned to South Africa, where he taught sociology at Rhodes University, Grahamstown from 1963 to 1968. In the latter year, he became the founding director of the Centre for Intergroup Studies; he was its executive director until 1992. In that year, he was made emeritus honorary professor of the University of Cape Town. He served as senior consultant for two more years, before retiring in 1994. He died of cancer on 5 March 2001 at his farm, near his birthplace. His memoir, Peacemaking in South Africa: A Life in Conflict Resolution (with a foreword by Nelson Mandela) recalls how in 1984 he was the first to arrange meetings between the then-banned African National Congress (in exile) and South African newspaper editors. This biographical article about a South African academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Riccioli is a lunar impact crater located near the western limb of the Moon. It lies just to the northwest of a larger crater, Grimaldi. To the southwest are the craters Hartwig and Schlüter that lie on the northeastern edge of Montes Cordillera, a ring-shaped range that surrounds Mare Orientale. Due to its location, Riccioli appears strongly foreshortened from the earth and is viewed almost from the side. Riccioli is older than the Orientale basin to the southwest because the ejecta from the impact that created the Orientale basin overlies the crater. This debris lies in ridges that regionally trend northeast–southwest, but trend in a direction parallel to Riccioli's northeast wall in that part of the crater. A system of rilles named the Rimae Riccioli lies across the interior, and crosscut the ejecta ridges.  In the northern half of the interior, the dark covering of lava that resurfaced the floor is visible, and covers some of the ejecta ridges and floods some of the rilles. The crater is named after Giovanni Battista Riccioli, an Italian Jesuit astronomer who introduced the system of lunar nomenclature that is still in use today.  He was also the first person to measure the rate of acceleration of a freely-falling body.[citation needed] By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Riccioli.
Burns London was an English manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars. Originally established as Ormston Burns Ltd in 1959, it underwent several changes in ownership and branding over the following decades before its assets were acquired in 2020 by a new holding company that has yet to relaunch production. Ormston Burns Ltd was founded in 1959 by luthier James Ormston (Jim) Burns and Alice Louise Farrell, who provided financial and operational leadership. During this period, Burns developed a proprietary vibrato system, patented in the United States in late 1962 (US Des. 194,067, issued 13 November 1962). The system was later adopted by manufacturers including Gretsch. The U.S. brand Ampeg imported British-made Burns guitars. Apart from the pickguard badge ("Ampeg by Burns of London"), these models were otherwise identical to their UK counterparts. Ormston Burns Ltd was acquired by the Baldwin Piano Company in October 1965 and rebranded as Baldwin‑Burns. (latterly Baldwin). The company launched three amplifiers at the June 1965 NAMM Convention. Some collectors have asserted that the Baldwin-era instruments were somehow inferior to those produced before the takeover, but with the exception of some newly-introduced models, the quality standards on models like the Marvin, Jazz Guitar and Shadows bass remained consistent, with only minor cosmetic differences and the Baldwin badge to distinguish them from the Burns-branded era of production. For a short time, existing stock was rebadged (initially as 'Baldwin-Burns', then simply 'Baldwin') by the simple expedient of inserting a routed nameplate into the pickguard, from which the earlier Burns routing had been excised. This practice did not last long, and original Baldwin pickguards appeared shortly afterwards, identical to the Burns originals save for the Baldwin routing. Other commercially-driven changes included replacing the elaborate carved scroll head (seen on earlier versions of the Marvin, Virginian and others) with a simpler, flattened scroll introduced in mid‑1966, and by 1967 most models featured a flat scroll head and bound fingerboard. Towards the end of the 1960s, Baldwin took the decision to concentrate on the Gretsch range of guitars and drums which they had acquired in 1967, and the Baldwin guitar brand was wound down, with production coming to an end in 1970. In 1966, following the acquisition of Ormston Burns Ltd by Baldwin, Jim Burns founded a new company named simply Ormston, in partnership with Nigel Dennis and Gordon Huntley to market pedal steel guitars produced by Denley. In 1968, just before Ormston shut its doors, Jim Burns produced one notable guitar design that would later form the basis of the Hayman range developed for the Dallas-Arbiter Organisation. In the mid 1970s, Jim Burns partnered with Alan Wright of City Music Stores to form Burns UK Ltd. The use of the Burns name was again possible after Baldwin-Burns ceased guitar production in 1970. The company operated from 1974 to 1977, producing several distinctive models—including the angular Flyte (inspired by the Concorde), Artist, Mirage, and LJ24. Bodies and necks were reportedly manufactured by Shergold. Although the Flyte attracted attention among glam rock performers, Burns UK ceased trading in 1977. Following the closure of Burns UK, Jim Burns founded Jim Burns Actualizers Ltd in 1979, based in Littleport near Ely. The company focused on more recognizably "Burns" designs, including the Steer, Scorpion, Magpie, and Bandit. It also marked the first attempt to recreate the Bison and Marvin in updated form. The Steer gained popularity with Billy Bragg, while a custom Scorpion variant was produced in small quantities for Chris Stein of Blondie. Jim Burns Actualizers Ltd ceased operations in 1983. In 1992, Barry Gibson, a guitarist and guitar historian, relaunched the company as Burns London Ltd, and employed Jim Burns as a consultant. The entity was originally incorporated on 3 December 1991 as Ritzybase Ltd (company no. 02668005), and renamed Burns London Ltd on 9 January 1992. Burns London Ltd initially focused on handmade replicas of classic Burns guitars. Gaz Coombes of Supergrass played a reissue Bison model. In 1999, the company launched a budget line called the Club Series, manufactured in Korea. These retained key Burns design elements and grew in popularity. Budget versions of classic models included the Marquee (based on the Marvin), Steer, Bison, and Barracuda. Later models like the Batwing borrowed visual features from 1960s designs. In the early 2000s, an entry-level line was introduced, manufactured in China. These included the Cobra (with a Stratocaster-style body but Burns styling) and Nu-Sonic (resembling a Telecaster, but with Burns-specific pickups and body carving). Burns also collaborated with Queen guitarist Brian May to produce a replica of his Red Special guitar, with the signature model manufactured from October 2001 until July 2004. This model was awarded "Best Electric Guitar of the Year 2001" by Guitarist magazine. The company’s public activity declined after the mid-2010s. No new guitar production has been confirmed since that time. Companies House filings indicate Burns London Ltd ceased including profit and loss accounts in its annual reports beginning in 2016, suggesting a reduction or cessation of trading activity. On 2 June 2020, Burns London (Holdings) Ltd (company no. 12638371), was incorporated under new ownership by a six-member consortium: Simon Gilson and Terry Hope, co-founders and former owners of musical instrument retailer PMT, formerly Professional Music Technology; Lee Anderton, managing director of Andertons Music Co.; Peter Anderton, associated with Andertons Music Co.; Graham Bell, co-founder of the UK guitar retailer GuitarGuitar; and Christopher McBay, a UK-based business executive. This entity replaced the previous operating company, Barry Gibson's Burns London Ltd (company no. 02668005). On 26 June 2020, the company's official website was updated to remove all product listings and instead display the message: "Imagined in 1959 / Re-Imagined in 2021" and "Now this amazing, historic brand is set to secure a bright future as the new owners look forward to revealing the re-imagined Burns range in 2021."  On 26 March 2022, the website was updated to display: "Re-Imagined in 2022".  It does not appear to have been updated again in the years since. On 27 September 2022, the new holding company adopted the name Burns London Ltd, while the original operating company was renamed Burns London (Holdings) Ltd. Simon Gilson resigned as a director of the new company on 10 March 2023. The earlier company was voluntarily dissolved on 11 April 2023. The company's "Burns LONDON" trademark expired in March 2024. However, a new trademark application was filed in May 2025, suggesting that a revival of Burns London may be under consideration.
John Ramsay, 1st Lord Bothwell (c. 1464 – 9 September 1513), also known as Sir John Ramsay of Trarinzeane, was a Scottish peer and courtier. He was the son of John Ramsay of Corstoun in Fife (kin to the Ramsays of Carnock otherwise Pitcruvie) and Janet Napier presumed to be of the Merchiston Napiers. Janet Napier later married John Wilson a Burgess of Edinburgh (Parliamentary records of 1484). John Ramsay was married to Isabel Cant in 1484. He then married Janet Kennedy, daughter of John Kennedy, 2nd Lord Kennedy, and Lady Elizabeth Seton, c. 6 November 1505. Janet Kennedy was a favourite mistress of King James IV of Scotland and this may have been a marriage of political convenience. He and Janet Kennedy were divorced. He then married Isobel Livingston, before February 1507/8. He was attached to the court of King James III of Scotland and was resented by the traditional aristocrats. The principal charge against the King was his reliance on "low-born favourites", and Ramsay was clearly regarded as one of these. In parliament on 24 February 1484, the king bestowed the barony of Bothwell on him. In July 1482 he escaped execution by the King's opponents at Lauder Bridge by leaping on the King's horse, the only one of the King's favourites to survive. According to another version, he clung to the King and pleaded for his life: the King persuaded the lords to spare him on account of his extreme youth ( he may still have been only 18 ). He sat in Parliament in 1485 and 1487 as Lord Bothwell. He upset the aristocrats by obtaining a royal mandate that he alone could carry arms within the precincts of the royal residence, probably acting as a royal bodyguard in his role as Master of the Household. He was an Esquire of the King's Chamber, an auditor of the Exchequer in 1484, and a Commissioner for letting the Crown lands. He was Ambassador to England in 1485 and 1486. His reputation declined further after the death of Queen Margaret, whom he was accused of poisoning, although there is no evidence at all to support the charge. On 8 October 1488, after the death of James III at the battle of Sauchieburn, John Ramsay lost his title. He remained in England, acting as a spy for Henry VII of England, and took payment to deliver the Scottish King James IV to Henry. Under James IV he was allowed to return to Scotland in 1496, and in September wrote letters from Berwick upon Tweed advising Henry VII how he might defeat the planned invasion of Northumbria by James IV and Perkin Warbeck. His first letter describes a visit to St Andrews where he presented Henry VII's gift of a crossbow to the king's brother James Stewart, Duke of Ross. People from Carlisle and Northumbria were visiting Perkin Warbeck. Another letter describes plans for a Scottish army to come to Ellem Kirk, on behalf of the "feigned boy" Perkin. James IV was willing to put himself in jeopardy for the pretender. Bothwell also describes the arrival of the Flemish knight Roderick de lalaing, and the artillery in Edinburgh castle. He was rehabilitated on 8 April 1497 under the Great Seal, although not restored to his peerage or all of his former titles. He had liferent grants of the lands of Tealing and Polgavie in Fife, Trarinzeane near Cumnock in Ayrshire and half the lands of Kirkandrews in Wigtownshire. He took the title of Sir John Ramsay of Trarinzeane. On 13 May 1498 he had a charter of a tenement in the Cowgate, Edinburgh and another of lands in Forrester's Wynd on 6 November 1500. In 1503 he was Captain of Linlithgow Palace. He negotiated the marriage of James IV to the daughter of Henry VII, thereby laying the cornerstone of the United Kingdom. On 13 May 1510, he had a grant from the King pro bono servitio et ex special favore of the lands and barony of Balmain in Kincardineshire, erected into a free barony for him and his successors. He died on 9 September 1513 at Flodden Field, killed in action. His son William born around 1510 was entrusted to the Bishop of Dunblane, James Chisholm, uterine brother of Sir John Ramsay. William was the ancestor of the Ramsays of Balmain.
Julie Ann Owens (born 17 October 1958) is an Australian former politician who served as a member of the Australian House of Representatives for Parramatta from 2004 to 2022, when she retired from politics. Owens was born on 17 October 1958 in Rockhampton, Queensland. Her family moved to Brisbane as a result of her father's career in the army. Owens attended Everton Park State High School. She went on to attend the Queensland Conservatorium of Music, studying piano under Nancy Weir and graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in Music. Owens was a production manager at the Lyric Opera of Queensland from 1985 to 1989, where she was involved in productions of Aida, La bohème and Madama Butterfly. She later worked as a senior program officer at the Australia Council from 1989 to 1993 and CEO of the Association of Independent Record Labels from 2000 to 2004. She was also a small-business owner and completed an MBA at the University of Sydney. Owens stood as the Labor candidate in North Sydney in 1996 and 1998. On both occasions she was given very little chance of winning, as North Sydney had long been a conservative stronghold, and the seat was won both times by Liberal MP Joe Hockey. In the 2004 election campaign, Owens ran against the incumbent Liberal Ross Cameron. The campaign was notable for the admission by Cameron, a prominent family values campaigner, that he had had an extramarital affair, and Owens won the seat on preferences, despite a swing against the Labor Party in New South Wales. Owens is a backbencher and has been a member of the House of Representatives Standing Committee for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts from December 2004. Although her seat was made notionally Liberal in a redistribution ahead of the 2007 election, she did not only retained her seat, but recorded a healthy swing of seven points.  She won a third term in 2010 with only a small swing against her, and narrowly won a fourth term in 2013 even as Labor lost government. Her 2013 victory marked only the second time (her initial win being the first) that the Liberals or their predecessors have been in government without holding Parramatta. Following the resignation of Labor MP Craig Thomson as chair of the Economics Committee, Owens was appointed head of the committee. On 28 October 2021, Owens announced in Parliament that she would not contest the next election. She was succeeded by Andrew Charlton as Labor candidate and member for Parramatta at the 2022 election.
TAL Education Group (Chinese: 好未来), which stands for "Tomorrow Advancing Life", is a Chinese holding company that offers after-school education and tutoring for students in primary and secondary school. It is headquartered in Beijing, China. The company was founded in August 2003 by Zhang Bangxin and Cao Yundong, as "Xueersi" (Study and think). The company provides standardized test preparation and consultation services for students studying abroad. It offered help to kids who could not go to school due to the COVID-19 pandemic in subjects including mathematics, Chinese, English, and coding. After new rules were issued by the Chinese government preventing for-profit tutoring companies from earning a profit, the company's stock went down significantly, with a projected 70% decrease in 2022 revenue. This Chinese corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2013 Ligue 1 season was the 50th of the competition of the first-tier football in Senegal and the fifth professional season.  The tournament was organized by the Senegalese Football Federation.  The season began on 13 January and finished earlier on 19 August and it was a season that competed through a single year.  It was the fifth season labelled as a "League" ("Ligue" in French).  Diambars FC won their only title, and a year later would compete in the 2014 CAF Champions League.  ASC Diaraf the winner of the 2013 Senegalese Cup participated in the 2014 CAF Confederation Cup the following season. The season would have feature 16 clubs, this time the winner would be decided on a club with the highest number of points after all thirty matches had been finished.  The clubs would be reduced to 14 in the following season as four clubs were relegated in the season.  The season had a total of 240 matches, 385 goals were scored in the season, almost double than the previous season.  Diambars scored the highest 42 goals, the lowest scored was ASC Assur. US Ouakam again was the defending team of the title. It was the only time as two clubs shared the same results and were Niarry Tarry and Touré Kunda Foot-Pro, they finished 8th place.
Liam Hayes, professionally known as Plush since 1992, is an American songwriter and performer, originally from Chicago, Illinois, United States. His discography includes three critically acclaimed records: More You Becomes You (1998), Fed (2002), and Bright Penny (2009). In 2000, Hayes appeared as himself performing "Soaring and Boring" in the film High Fidelity. Between 1994 and 1998 Liam Hayes recorded and released two singles, 1994's debut single "Found A Little Baby", and 1997's "No Education".  1998 saw the release of Hayes' debut solo album, More You Becomes You. After the release of More You Becomes You, Hayes began writing and collecting songs for his second studio album.  The album combined rock arrangements with big band instrumentation and full string sections.  The end result was Fed, which was released in 2002. Around 2005, Hayes began to work on his third proper studio album.  The sessions were spread between L.A., New York, Michigan, and Chicago and involved numerous musicians including Brian Wilson's rhythm section and legendary Chicago Blues and Jazz drummer Morris Jennings.  Almost a year to the day of the belated UK release of Plush’s Fed, Broken Horse Records announced the release of its follow up album, Bright Penny. Although Bright Penny appeared relatively quickly after the UK release of Fed, its roots go as far back as the initial release and subsequent non-release of Fed. Whilst dealing with the frustrations that accompanied this situation, and dealing with profound personal loss, Hayes managed to maintain his love of music and his craft of songwriting that had been at the centre of his life since he was a child. As recording began and the album’s track listing began to take shape by selecting songs both old and new from his expanding songbook, a narrative of hope, loss and the love of music began to emerge as the record’s theme. ”Music has defined me and it has always been there with me. I have had a lifelong relationship with it. It pretty much saved me when nothing else could. It has also, at points, pushed me close to the edge. That’s the kind of friend it is.” The idea of music being one’s greatest ally is explored in “ So Much Music”. Other songs such as “Take A Chance”, present a theme of self transformation, while “Look Up, Look Down” offers a picture of the struggle to survive. In 2013, Hayes scored the soundtrack to the Roman Coppola film A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III. “It was surreal,” says Hayes about appearing in the film as an actor. 
“I haven’t played any gigs on a beach with a Hammond organ, you know?” Hayes, who has made music under the name Plush since the early ’90s, was contacted by Coppola after the director became a huge fan. “I just got so absorbed by his music,” Coppola told GQ (UK) about Hayes and Plush. The result of this appreciation was Coppola approaching Hayes when writing the script for the film. “It evolved over time,” says Hayes. “When we met to discuss the project we talked about possible songs. 
After some time had passed, we talked some more, I added a few more songs, and I ended up doing the entire score.” Hayes also appears in the film performing the tune “So Much Music.”
It was not his first time onscreen: In 2000 he appeared in High Fidelity, performing his song "Soaring and Boring". His imaginative, atmospheric,
cinematic style is well suited to movie soundtracks, and his Charles Swan soundtrack is made up of songs from Fed, Bright Penny and the
forthcoming Korp Sole Roller along with music and symphonic underscore written specifically for the film. In 2014, Hayes toured as support act for Christopher Owens, utilizing a new three-piece version of Plush with John San Juan of Hushdrops on bass and Eric Colin on drums.
Sara Jorge (born Sara Kofteros on 31 August 1978) is an English singer and songwriter. She has appeared in minor roles in films including Die Another Day, and on several television shows for Channel 4, Sky One and Sky Sports including ITV1's Daddy's Girl. She has also worked as a presenter on Friendly TV. Her first releases, "Passion for My Love", "Dreamin'" and "Love You to Death" were available via her first web site of early 2003 for free download, the latter being reworked some time later as "L.U.2.D." on the "Shock to the System" debut release. In 2004, Sara Jorge released the single "Let Your Heart Go Free", a collaboration with the band Titan 3. She released two singles in 2005, "Shock to the System" and "Dirty Business". In early 2006, Sara Jorge released her third solo single "Beautiful World", which reached number one in the UK dance charts. The next single, "Keep it Comin'!" was the official follow up. The credits for R3MIX include Rob Davis, Gary Clark, Ash Howes and Martin Harrigton, Gary Barlow and Elliott Kennedy.
The 1884 French Military Mission to Japan was the third French military mission to that country and consisted of five men. It followed two earlier missions, the first French military mission to Japan (1867–1868), and the second French military mission to Japan (1872–1880), which had a considerable role in shaping the new Imperial Japanese Army. From 1886 to 1889, Japan also invited two German officers (particularly Jakob Meckel) in parallel to the French mission, who were influential in the Army General Staff reform. France would gain considerable influence with the Imperial Japanese Navy instead, with the dispatch of the engineer Louis-Émile Bertin. This article about the military history of Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. This French history–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Ford Smith (January 9, 1919 – February 26, 1983) was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1930s and 1940s. A native of Phoenix, Arizona, Smith attended the University of Arizona. He broke into the Negro leagues in 1939 with the Chicago American Giants, and played with the Indianapolis Crawfords in 1940 and the Kansas City Monarchs in 1941. He served in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II,[citation needed] and after his service returned to play with Kansas City from 1946 to 1948. He started Game 2 and Game 7 of the 1946 Negro World Series for the Monarchs, and was selected to play in the East–West All-Star Game in 1947.[citation needed] Smith and Baseball Hall of Famer Monte Irvin signed with the New York Giants on the same day in 1949, and Smith spent the next several years playing in the minor leagues. In 1949 and 1950, he played for the Jersey City Giants, in 1951 for the Drummondville Cubs, 1952 and 1953 for the Phoenix Senators, and 1954 for the El Paso Texans. After his baseball career, he returned to Phoenix, where he worked for the Phoenix Union High School District, and served as executive director of the Arizona Civil Rights Commission.[citation needed] He died in Phoenix in 1983 at age 64. This Negro league baseball pitcher born in the 1910s article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Raymond Lester "Trace" Armstrong III (born October 5, 1965) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for fifteen seasons from the late 1980s to the early 2000s. He played college football for the Arizona State Sun Devils and Florida Gators, and was recognized as an All-American. A first-round (12th overall) pick in the 1989 NFL draft, he played for the Chicago Bears, Miami Dolphins and Oakland Raiders. He was formerly the president of the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA), and he currently works as a sports agent. Armstrong was born in Bethesda, Maryland, in 1965.  He attended John Carroll Catholic High School in Birmingham, Alabama, where he played high school football and lettered three years as an outside linebacker and defensive end for the John Carroll Cavaliers.  Armstrong was an all-state selection and was named one of The Birmingham News' top twelve players in Alabama as a high school senior. Armstrong accepted an athletic scholarship to attend Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, where he began his college career as a defensive tackle for the Arizona State Sun Devils football team. He red-shirted in 1984, and as a freshman in 1985 he played in ten games with three starts, totaling thirty-two tackles (two for a loss). As a sophomore in 1986, Armstrong was a back-up with two starts on the 10–1–1 Sun Devils that finished fourth in the AP poll and defeated the Michigan Wolverines in the Rose Bowl. He recovered a key fumble in the Sun Devils' defeat of the USC Trojans that sealed the Devils' Rose Bowl bid. He finished the 1986 season with twenty-six tackles (one for a loss—a quarterback sack), one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. As a junior starter in 1987, Armstrong had a key role in the defeat of the Oregon State Beavers, when he sacked Erik Wilhelm in the end zone for a safety that began an 11–0 scoring run by the Sun Devils in sealing a 30–21 win. The 1987 Sun Devils finished No. 20 in the final AP poll after defeating Air Force in the 1987 Freedom Bowl. Armstrong ended the 1987 season with fifty-one tackles (ten for-a-loss including a team-leading seven sacks). He was an honorable mention All-American by both the AP and UPI. Armstrong was denied a final year of eligibility by the NCAA due to an "academic mix-up," which he could only recoup if he transferred to another school. However, he was granted immediate eligibility after the NCAA waived its transfer rule in an unusual academic status case from high school which allowed the transfer. As a result, Armstrong transferred to the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and played his final college season for coach Galen Hall's Florida Gators football team in 1988. He was recognized as a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and a first-team All-American at defensive tackle. He set a new Gators single-season record for most tackles for a loss with nineteen, including seven sacks. In all, Armstrong recorded fifty-nine tackles with forty-one of those solo. He finished his college career on the sidelines in the Gators' 14–10 win over the Illinois Fighting Illini in the All American Bowl on December 29, 1988. He underwent arthroscopic surgery to repair his left knee two weeks before the bowl game and could not play. Armstrong ended his college career with 169 tackles, including thirty-two tackles for losses and fifteen quarterback sacks. He graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in liberal arts in 1989, and returned to earn a master's degree in business administration in 2006. As part of a fan poll conducted by The Gainesville Sun in 2006, he was voted to the Florida Gators 100th Anniversary Team as a defensive lineman together with other Gators like Jack Youngblood, Wilber Marshall and Kevin Carter. Armstrong was also inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 2000. The Chicago Bears selected Armstrong in the first round (12th overall pick) of the 1989 NFL Draft. He played for the Bears for six seasons from 1989 to 1994.  He signed with the Bears on August 18, 1989; his total package was a reported $2.2 million over four years. After the Bears' 47–27 victory at Detroit on September 27, 1989, Armstrong perhaps made his first NFL mark.
After reporting late to training camp because of a contract dispute, and then struggling through the first
two games of the season, Armstrong finally found his niche at left defensive end against the Lions, making five solo tackles,
defending a pass and getting his first pro sack by dumping Lions quarterback Bob Gagliano.  Armstrong finished his rookie season with five sacks and was voted All-Rookie.  His teammates voted him the winner of the Brian Piccolo Award for "courage, loyalty, teamwork, dedication, and sense of humor." The following season, 1990, Armstrong notched ten sacks, the first of five seasons he reached double-digits.  He was NFC Defensive Player of the Month in September 1990, in which he totaled twenty-five tackles, five sacks, two forced fumbles, one fumble recovery, and one pass defended. In 1991, he recorded only 1.5 sacks, in part because although he was the starting left defensive end he moved to defensive tackle in the Bears "nickel defense," perhaps cutting down on his pass-rush opportunities.  He was slated to play that spot again in 1992, however, the development of Alonzo Spellman allowed Armstrong to play end in all situations.  As a result, his sack total was a 6.5. On March 16, 1993, Armstrong re-signed a three-year $3 million deal with the Bears which was reported to make him one of the five highest-paid players on the team.  In 1993, Armstrong notched 11.5 sacks and forced three fumbles.  He was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week for three tackles, one forced fumble, two fumble recoveries, and two sacks in a Thanksgiving Day win over Detroit.  He also had six tackles and two sacks at Philadelphia on October 10, 1993, and then career-best 2.5 sacks at Kansas City on November 21, 1993. In 1994, his last in Chicago, he had 7.5 sacks. In the playoffs that season, against the Minnesota Vikings, January 1, 1995, Armstrong recorded both of the Bears' sacks in a 35–18 win over the Vikings for which he was awarded the NFC Defensive Player of the Week award. On April 4, 1995, the Dolphins traded a second and third-round draft pick for Armstrong.  He was acquired to fill a role as a designated pass rusher, a player who comes into the game in likely passing downs in an effort to give the team's pass rush a boost.  This is a role Armstrong filled the rest of his career; however, in five seasons, injuries to the starting ends forced Armstrong into a starting role.  On October 12, 1995, Armstrong signed a five-year $8.9 million contract extension with the Dolphins. In 1996, Armstrong started nine games and recorded twelve sacks. He remained the starter in 1997 and returned to the "designated rusher" role in 1998. He was named as the NFL's Defensive Player of the Week for postseason games played January 8–9, 2000. In the Dolphins 20–17 win over the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, January 9, 2000, Armstrong helped a defense which limited Seattle to 32 total yards in the second half. He registered five tackles, three sacks and one quarterback hurry on the day. He led the AFC in quarterback sacks (16.5) in 2000 with the Miami Dolphins while recording 7 forced fumbles, also a career-high. He also made the Pro Bowl for the only time in his career. He did this despite not starting a single game, making him the first so-called designated pass rusher to go to the Pro Bowl since Fred Dean was voted to the 1983 post-season all-star game. Armstrong signed a free-agent contract with the Raiders in 2001.  The Raiders offered him a six-year deal worth approximately $18.5 million. However, the first two years were to pay approximately $8 million, including a $5 million signing bonus.  In his three years with the Raiders, Armstrong earned $9 million. Armstrong sustained an Achilles tendon injury on September 30, 2001, causing him to miss the final thirteen games of the 2001 season.  In 2002 and 2003, Armstrong was pressed into a starting role due to injuries of the so-called "run down defense" of the Raiders.  He started eight games at right defensive end in 2002 after Tony Bryant was hurt, and he started seven games at left defensive end when Lorenzo Bromell was injured in 2003. Armstrong suffered his own injuries in 2002 and 2003. In 2002 it was a groin injury that put him in the injured-reserve list and in 2003, he injured a shoulder in November which ended his 2003 season after ten games. While in Oakland, he was the twentieth player in NFL history to record 100 career quarterback sacks, and finished his career with a total of 106.5.  (When he retired, he was sixteenth in the all-time sack leader list.)  Following the 2003 season, he was released from the Oakland Raiders after failing a physical due to several substantial injuries incurred while in Oakland and retired from the NFL afterwards.  According to NFLPA records, in his fifteen NFL seasons Armstrong earned approximately $23 million in salary and bonuses. While playing in the NFL, Armstrong served as the president of the NFL Players Association (NFLPA) for eight years (1996–2003).  In 2009, Armstrong stood for election to become the full-time executive director of the NFLPA, a position left vacant by the death of Gene Upshaw.  Although he was considered a favorite for the job, he lost the election to Washington, D.C.–based attorney DeMaurice Smith. Armstrong formerly served as the agent for Penn State Nittany Lions coach James Franklin, former NFL head coach Marty Schottenheimer, former Michigan Wolverines head coach Brady Hoke, Dallas Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy, former Tennessee head coach Butch Jones, former Kansas Jayhawks head coach Les Miles, former Texas Longhorns head coach Tom Herman, and Houston Cougars head coach Dana Holgorsen, among others. He is also the agent for several broadcasters such as Peter Gammons, Chris Mortensen, Dan Le Batard, and Stugotz (John Weiner). Armstrong currently lives in his former college hometown, Gainesville, Florida, with his wife Tami and three sons.
Leon Quartermaine (24 September 1876 – 25 June 1967) was a British actor whose stage career, in Britain and the United States, extended from the early 1900s to the 1950s. He was born in Richmond, London, and educated at the Whitgift School in Croydon, where one of his contemporaries was The Revd Harold Davidson, later unfrocked while Rector of Stiffkey. The pair acted together in a school production of the farce Sent to the Tower. In 1921 Quartermaine appeared with Fay Compton in a West End revival of J. M. Barrie's play Quality Street. In February 1922 Quartermaine and Compton married, and remained so until their divorce in 1942. Quartermaine made numerous appearances on Broadway between 1903 and 1935, including Laertes (Hamlet, 1904), Lieutenant Osborne in the American premiere of R. C. Sherriff's Journey's End (1929), and Malvolio (Twelfth Night, 1930). Quartermaine appeared in several films during the 1920s and 1930s, including As You Like It (1936) in which he co-starred as Jaques to Laurence Olivier's Orlando. After the Second World War, Quartermaine joined the Royal Shakespeare Theatre for the 1949 and 1950 Stratford festivals, in a company including John Gielgud, Peggy Ashcroft, Anthony Quayle and other leading Shakespearean actors, in Macbeth, Measure for Measure and Much Ado About Nothing. In 1951 he played the part of the Inquisitor in a BBC television adaptation of Shaw's Saint Joan. Quatermaine had first been married to Aimée de Burgh. After their divorce, and after his later marriage with Fay Compton was dissolved, he married Barbara Wilcox, who had appeared in The Cherry Orchard as Dunyasha at the Old Vic in 1933 when he appeared as Gaev. Quartermaine died on 25 June 1967, in Salisbury, Wiltshire. His younger brother Charles Quartermaine (who adopted the surname spelling "Quatermaine") was also an actor. This article about an English film actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2018 Egypt Cup Final was the final match of the 2017–18 Egypt Cup and the 86th final of the Egypt Cup, Africa's oldest football cup competition. It was held at Borg El Arab Stadium in Alexandria, Egypt. It was played on 15 May 2018 between Smouha and Zamalek. It was a repeat of the 2014 final, which Zamalek won 1–0. Zamalek won the rematch 5–4 on penalties following a 1–1 tie after extra time, so qualified for the 2018–19 CAF Confederation Cup. They also earned a shot at 2017–18 Egyptian Premier League champions Al Ahly for the 2018 Egyptian Super Cup. In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first. Smouha as an Egyptian Premier League team entered in the round of 32 of the Egypt Cup against Egyptian Second Division club Olympic Club on 10 November 2017 at Haras El Hodoud Stadium and won 2–1, with goals from Yasser Ibrahim in the 20th minute, an equalizer from Osama Marey in the 80th minute and the winner from Abdel Aziz Emam in the stoppage time. In the round of 16, they met fellow Premier League opposition Petrojet on 8 December 2017 at Al Salam Stadium, and won 2–1 with goals from Tarek Taha in the 29th minute, an equalizer from Mostafa Shebeita 4 minutes later and the winner from Hossam Hassan in the 43rd minute. In the quarter-finals, they played against Wadi Degla on 1 May 2018 at Al Salam Stadium. There was no real chances in the match for both teams, except one powerful shot from Oumed Oukri in the 96th minute that almost sent Smouha straight to semi-finals, but El Sayed Salem managed to clear the ball from the goal line. The match ended 0–0 after extra time, and Smouha won 3–1 on penalties. In the semi-finals, Smouha faced Al Assiouty Sport on 8 May 2018 at Borg El Arab Stadium. Smouha played against their future new manager Ali Maher, who signed a contract with the club to lead the team after the 2017–18 season ends. Smouha won the match 4–3 on penalties after the match ended 1–1 after extra time. Ahmed Temsah scored the opener for Smouha in the 72nd minute before Benson Shilongo took the game to extra time after tying up the match by scoring a penalty in the stoppage time. Smouha are seeking their first ever Egypt Cup triumph. Assistant referees:
Ayman Degeish
Mahmoud Abou El Regal
Fourth official:
Mohamed Maarouf
Fifth officials:
Mohamed El SabahyTarek Samy
The reptiles of Cape Verde comprise 24 terrestrial species, along with six species of sea turtles found along its coasts and beaches. The Cape Verde giant skink became extinct at the beginning of the 20th century. Several of the archipelago’s endemic species also have subspecies unique to each island. Finally, among the introduced species, there is debate over whether the one that is established is the tropical house gecko or the merchant gecko.
The pertingent case is a grammatical case found in the Tlingit language. It is used to refer to something which is touching something else: for example, in English, "the chair touching the table", or "against the wall". In the Tlingit language, the pertingent case is marked with the suffix -x̱. For instance, ÿax̱- is the pertingent form of ÿán, meaning “shore”. In Tlingit, the case may also be used to refer to the membership of a group. The phrase Kaagwaantaan-x̱ means “they are of the Kaagwaantaan clan”. This usage of the case can be found in sentences containing stative imperfectives that refer to multiple positions. For example, the phrase áx̱ naadákwt means “bodies of water lie here and there upon it.” This linguistic morphology article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thomas Michael Maguire CBE is a Northern Irish public servant and former management consultant. Between July 2012 and July 2019, he served as the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland. He was previously the Chief Inspector of Criminal Justice in Northern Ireland (2008 to 2012). Before moving into public service, he worked as a management consultant with PA Consulting Group and was a Director of Price Waterhouse. Maguire was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2019 Birthday Honours.
